Fix regression in process_pipeline flag (#774)
NeuroTechX/moabb: docs/source/whats_new.rst

Bugs
~~~~

> - Fix regression in process_pipeline flag with paragim (:gh:`774` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix regression in evaluations ignoring ``process_pipeline`` flag (:gh:`774` by `Bruno Aristimunha`_)
```
